1. A program in which you define a macro - a function that accepts two arguments (A and B) and finds the result of (A + B) ^ 2. The main function demonstrates it.

2. A program to find the least common multiple of two numbers. Example: a=12, b=18, least common multiple = 36.

3. A structure to call transformation. The structure must consist of two fields - result and error. 
    The structure must be declared in a separate header file (transformation.h). 
    The header file must also include the declaration of a function to convert a character string to the corresponding integer.
    The function must return a value of the transformation struct type. If the character string is a valid integer, 
    the result of the transformation must be written in the “result” field of the returned result, and the error field must be an empty string (“\0”). 
    If the input character string is not a valid integer, 0 must be written in the result field of the result, 
    and a character string describing the error must be written in the “error” field.
    Example: Input = “-123” => Output: tmp.result = -123, tmp.error = “\0”, Input=”12ab23” => Output: tmp.result = 0, 
    tmp.error = “Invalid input string”. The source file (transformation.c) inserts the header file and defines the function. 
    The main.c program uses the function to convert sample strings to numbers.

4. A program that accepts a long array of numbers and replaces each element of it with the value of the element raised to the fourth power. 
    The pow function takes two arguments the number to raise to a power and the power to raise the number to. So for example 2 ^ 4 = pow(2, 4). 
    The function is defined in the libm.a library with a math.h header file that is linked to the library at compile time.

5. A maths.h file in which a function is declared to find the factorial of a given number.
    A maths.c file to implement (define) the function. Program main.c, inserts the header file and demonstrates 
    the operation of the function. maths.c is a static library and is linked with the library when compiling main.c.